README.md, before:

# Welcome to TechXam

## This is a quiz game to test you on what is considered to be basic Heavy Equipment Technician Knowledge.
---
### The rules are simple
1. To begin your TechXam press the start button
2. Once you press the start button the timer will start counting down and the TechXam will begin
3. You will have 2 minutes to complete the quiz
4. Read each question and select your answer
5. Once you have selected your answer it cannot be unselected
6. Make sure to click the next button to move to the next question
7. If you answer the question correctly the timer will stop counting for 10 seconds while you proceed with the quiz
8. If you answer the question incorrectly you will have to wait 5 seconds before you can press the next button
9. The goal is to complete the quiz with as much time left on the timer as possible
10. There will be 15 total questions
11. The questions will come from 3 main categories [Engine, Hydraulic, Electrical]
12. You will have 5 questions from each category to make up the 15 questions
13. Once the final question has been answered the timer will run for 5 seconds or stop based upon if the question was answered correctly or not.
14. Enter a name for the leaderboard then click submit.

Commit message:

Made changes to my readme and rules display to finish out the project for class

README.md, after:

# Welcome to TechXam

## This is a quiz game to test you on what is considered to be basic Heavy Equipment Technician Knowledge.
---
### The rules are simple
1. To begin your TechXam press the start button
2. Read each question and select your answer
3. Once you have selected your answer it cannot be unselected
4. Make sure to click the continue button to move to the next question
5. The goal is to complete the quiz with as many correct answers as possible
6. There will be 15 total questions
7. The questions will come from 3 main categories [Engine, Hydraulic, Electrical]
8. You will have 5 questions from each category to make up the 15 questions
9. Once the final question has been answered the results page will display how many questions you got correct
10. If at any point during the quiz you press exit quiz everything will be reset and your score will be lost
11. You can take the quiz as many times as youd like by simply hitting the main menu button at the end.  The questions will reset and you can retry
12. Have fun and thanks for playing!

This game originally was going to have extra items put in that I will come back to but due to time constraints I limited the game to what it is now.
